hello still all welcome once again
this channel is this time I want you
do a review give my opinion on
this base of puyol who are called god the
because this mass came out a few months ago in
one of the collections that is over already
that is continuously taking news
You already know and well you know that I
like a lot huelva in the brand
let's say chanel white has a lot
connection with them and that I notice it in
Regarding quality
this base is born with the concept of skin
naked let's say the feeling of not
carry nothing on the skin and a bag for
so super light and has a
texture of this type of texture already
has previously tested in another type of
base on other brands and to me is a
texture that I like a lot what
happens is that it tends to cover little and
it also tends to mark as not
we extend well may tend to mark a
little what are the pores and wrinkles
expression lines then a basis
that in my opinion so first would not go
very very well in dry skins in skins
mixed fats I think these textures
they go very well indeed when I have
had the most oily skin that now the
mousse the bases in mousse were going very
very good really well I already tell you that
it cost some of these textures and
they have always worked well for me
apart from the light ones that are
I like how they spread out easy and I
like that they are bases that tend to
be a little bit more dull and not
They bring weight to the skin
the base apart from matching the tone of the
skin that I will now talk about the coverage
has smoothing technology then
smoothes the texture of the skin a little
smoothes what the pores are and smoothes the
small line of expression
that yes in very dry skins when it takes
a little while it costs I think it tends to
get a bit of danger because the
feeling that gives me for my skin goes
great I have mixed skin and for me the
feeling is very very very nice
nothing heavy very good aspect that yes me
missing a point of coverage to me that
I have spots the most fat spot
let's say no of the covers then yes
I tell you that it is modulable then I
What I do is that he applied a second layer
or in the most conflictive areas what
I do that he applied a little touch to
that there is a little more product left and
cover me even more so the spots that
I have in this area that I have left
during pregnancy they are now a
little bit so visible
I need a separate proofreader to
can cover them but what are the
spots of the upper lip area
and such that it covers me giving in that
area a little touches instead of extending
more than the account for
what other products applied and so
So much so, it covers a little bit more.
without giving heavy skin feeling or
recharged on my skin is a base that does not
it dried up this tells me in advertising
It does not dry up and I tell you that in my
skin does not dry up I do not even notice
I do not even have a skin with
tight feeling or anything but also
true that he has not tried on skins
dry I still do not have to prove it in
my mother what I do with all these
things to know how such ivory is dry
Anyway , dry skin
I say it because I have proof that
dry skin does not support this
type of bases in mousse otherwise not
I speak from experience for nothing
because my skin is not dry I tell you
then but that's what the
brand advertising also tell you
that do not comedogenic that this I what
question there are many people or is it not going
to clog pores
and there are four shades of these bases there
four tones this is the third let's say
there are two more clear this and a fourth one
little bit darker and even though I
I always get the lighter shades
As you can see, this is what I have left right now
quite natural although it would give me a
tonito let's say I think a torito more
of mine but now for summer it's going
great and the hand work dark because yes
with a little bit of sun that I ground them but
good to go mixing but this is the
I'm wearing it right now and as you see
Well, it's quite natural for me
applied so you can see how it is and
right now it took it as it falls without
powders the only thing that I've put a
little bit of corrector in this area like
I told you that it does not cover me well but what
you will see how it is applied and how much
covers leaves you with that bit of video
never kill you
How are you going to ask me if you have
led dimethicone silicone is something
that does not take away my sleep either
hot yes but
I have read a lot about this and I know that
silicones leading cosmetics
today more what are the means
minimum are polymers that do not clog
the pores that if they are not well then but
that if they are neither I am going to put myself
very bad or anything with that topic and also
then dimethicone what makes the
skin is smooth let's say the feeling
optics that the skin is smooth and that
pores and fine lines as
they are made and they are not noticed so much so
if you have dimethicone and well I'll
teach how it is
well in a plastic cart but
pretty hard on the glass of its lid
plastic and it's rock would open like
threads and has a texture like demos
as you can see here very very very light
and I explain if it is
it extends very easily
and I like to apply it with a
brush type kabuki or with a sponge
of makeup if I want more coverage
I'm going to leave photos and all the rest
information on the blog
in the photos you can see more clearly
exactly the coverage and you can see
the tone there is a little more detail
so I leave everything in the little box
information and also takes us there
where can you buy it where I have
I found the best price and nothing else
which I hope would have resulted
interesting if he was living it
strangers you asked that such and nothing else
Thank you so much for watching me see you
the next video